.\" Manpage for cannonball
.TH "cannonball" "6" "August 2019" "CannonBall 0.3" "CannonBall - Configuration Help"
.SH NAME
cannonball \- An Enhanced OutRun Engine
.SH SYNOPSIS
cannonball
.SH DESCRIPTION
CannonBall is a program which allows you to play an enhanced version
of Yu Suzuki's seminal arcade racer, OutRun, on a variety of systems.
.SH CONFIGURATION
In order for CannonBall to work you need to provide a copy of the
OutRun revision B romset to the roms subdirectory. Rename the files if
necessary.

The roms subdirectory can be found at $XDG_DATA_HOME/cannonball/roms
which defaults to $HOME/.local/share/cannonball/roms

Configuration can be found at $XDG_DATA_HOME/cannonball/config.xml
which defaults to $HOME/.local/share/cannonball/config.xml

NOTE: The directories will be created on the first run of Cannonball
if they do not exist.
.SH OPTIONS
cannonball does not take any options.
.SH SEE ALSO
CannonBall Wiki <https://github.com/djyt/cannonball/wiki>

CannonBall online manual
<https://github.com/djyt/cannonball/wiki/Cannonball-Manual>
.SH BUGS
For known issues see <https://github.com/djyt/cannonball/issues>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Chris White.

Users of CannonBall are expected to own licensed copies of the ROM
files that is intended to be used with this program. These ROMs may be
subject to their copyright laws under their jurisdiction. Make sure
you can legally transfer the ROMs to your system before using them
with this program.

OutRun ROMs may be subject to copyright laws. 

OutRun is a trademark of the SEGA Corporation. This project is not
affiliated with SEGA in any way.
.SH AUTHOR
Chris White <pointblnk@hotmail.com> - Project creator.

Arun Horne - Cross platform work.

Santhosh Raju <fox@NetBSD.org> - Man page.
